Tack för uppdelningen av alla filer i varsitt häfte. Johan har
gjort grymt bra kommentarer, ta till dig av dem och tänk på dem.
Jag skriver lite kommentarer som kanske är bra feedback eller går
att tänka på i framtiden. Det är utanför uppgiftens utsträckning
men kanske intressant.

Spelet borde stänga av när man vinner, eller så borde man flyttas
till dödsstjärnan när man väntat. Stod kvar i brun efter att ha
vunnit samtidigt som jag demonstrerade. :)

Rättvist att behöva veta vem Kefka är. Final what now? :(

Mindless nagging:
 - Variable names are often not self-explanatory. Quest timeAfter4,
   for one, is hard to imagine what that is. This is hard to avoid,
   but useful if done right.
 - Try to write code while thinking that someone else has to read
   it. This helps if you ever have to look back at previously
   written code, say if something doesn't work as it should.

Quest:
 - Maybe the quests should inherit from Quest and be TimeQuest etc.
   They could each implement tryToFinish() and not be a huge mashup
   of several classes, while each instance only use the properties
   of one these 'classes'.

7.42 (time limit):
 - The "time" variable usage is not perfectly clear. Twelfth of an
   hour? This could be called "ticks" or something. Also maybe not
   part of Game. How many ticks per hour doesn't have to be hard
   coded as well.
 - Creative solution as to why there would be a time limit at all,
   good.
 
7.43 (trap door):
 - Not entirely obvious that you were going to enter that fridge. I
   mean, it's ok if it shuts on you, but it'd be more fair if you
   knew what going in meant.
 - Might also say something like "the door slams shut".

7.48 (characters):
 - More than enough characters, really nice.
 - Nice that the characters have actions etc. and not "just" static
   talking.
 - Some characters have a few bugs and might say some things twice,
   and also be inconsequent "come back after 4. let's go".
 
7.49 (moving characters):
 - Johan said you implemented this, but I couldn't run in to any of
   them that moved. They disappear, but they don't walk around, from
   what I can tell.

(This contains more than enough to pass, without moving characters.)

Kul spel, behövde bråka lite för att få igång det. (å,ä,ö osv). Godkänt
och inmatat i rapp. Dubbelkolla så att det blev rätt.

- Peter

