Parallel and Distributed Computing, Hand-in 3
Peter Boström <pbos@kth.se>
2011-12-07

1. Consider the randomized algorithm in the slides for lecture 7. Suppose only
   crash failures happen.

   a: How many crash failures can the algorithm handle? Explain.

   b: Modify the algorithm to handle as many crash failures as you can. Explain
      how many crash failures the modified algorithm can handle.

2. Devise an algorithm for leader election in asynchronous connected network
   graphs. You may assume that nodes have linearly ordered node identifiers and
   that nodes do not fail. Leader election may at any time be initiated by one
   or more nodes independently of each other. What is the message complexity of
   your algorithm?

3. Describe which graph problem algorithm foo solves. Prove that foo is
   correct. Prove that it is self-stabilizing. How many rounds are needed for
   the stabilization in the worst case? Explain your reasoning.

4. Consider the 3PC protocol. Explain how the affected parties act in the
   following situations:

   a: Coordinator and 1 cohort fail in phase 1

   b: Coordinator and 1 cohort fail in phase 2

   c: Coordinator and 1 cohort fail in phase 3

   d: The coordinator times out in phase 1

   f: The coordinator times out in phase 2

   e: The coordinator times out in phase 3

5. Suppose Paxos is changed in the following way: The conditional in lines 6-11
   of the pseudocode for Proposer in slide set 9 is replaced by the statement
   Send propose(x, n) to the same set of acceptors.

   Does the agreement property still hold? Explain carefully why or why not.

6. A risk in Byzantine fault recovery procedures is that one or several
   Byzantine replicas conspire to eliminate a non-faulty primary. Explain how
   this is prevented in PBFT and in the Zyzzyva system.

7. In this exercise you may start from the binary tree DHT presented in the
   slides for lecture 10. Describe three attacks a Byzantine adversary might
   mount against DHT and how you would protect against them, by suitably
   modifying the algorithms for search, join and leave. A concise textual
   description is sufficient, you do not need to provide pseudocode, for
   instance.

