Hej Emil!

Jag måste verkligen börja med att säga: Shit. Uppdelningen,
omkonstruktionen och moduleringen är jättefin. Verkligen! Bra
återanvändning av flera items av samma typ. Väldigt, väldigt bra
designat! Bra jobbat!

Jag har lämnat lite feedback, men i det här fallet är den mer på random
saker i spelet än strukturmessigt.

Du ska vara inrapporterad i rapp. Kolla så att det stämmer!

- Peter

Notes:

Hans & Greta is called Hansel & Gretel in Engelska. :)

This game is unfair. :(

You should have a short-name for the items, so that you can write either
"take Chocolate-key" or "take key". Maybe also a "take all" command.

The "go" command could be extended to show the exits, in case you miss
them the first time they're printed out or do things and have to scroll
back. "go where? This room has exits to the north, west, east and
south". Same for "take", which could show what's in the room.

These suicide items are unfair. How was I supposed to know you hang
yourself with that rope? :(

You die too fast. I couldn't even check out the south side before dying.

It was satisfying to beat though.

"You are in win room." is an awesome finishing phrase. The game doesn't
end when you enter win room. This is a structural limitation by the
original design. You could have a true-false function inside Room that
lets the win room signal back "when a player enters here, you win." The
"go" command could then signal back that the game should finish and the
game should quit.

"Exits: none" sounds like there's a "none" exit, I was actually typing
"go none" after entering the win room to see if there was a secret
ending to this.

7.42 (time limit):

 - Nice move-limit interpretation and implementation. I like that it's
   not a global limit, but rather tied to the player.

7.43 (trapdoor):

 - Great solution to having a special string for enter messages here.
   "You can hear the cave behind you collapse."

 - Why would you use the Toffee-pickaxe on your own head? I was hoping
   you could break your way out of the gingerbread house. :<

7.45 (locked door):

- VERY clean solution with having a key item for the door. Awesome.

7.47 (modular command system):

 - Very ambitious and modular command system.

 - Only non-modular thing is that the commands still only take one word.

